What you want to show me
Here it is.
If I let them know that I have this disease
The board will definitely kick me out
Although nothing happened that night
But if I let him know that I went to someone else's room
Will he think I'm dirty?
So that night
I want to take this threat to him in case of trouble
To be precise
It was he who deliberately quoted our arm
Take a video of this and keep it as evidence
When did you get sick?
During studying abroad
They were extremely ill adapted.
Back then, I was also determined to send Jiang Yu abroad
Never asked his opinion
How are you now?
originally
I don't want anyone to know about this.
It doesn't matter.
If it were me
I don't want to either
Others see themselves at their worst
Jiang Yu used to be half of my family
Should I believe him?
Why are you asking me out?
I know it all
What!
You know it all
Xiao Jiang took the initiative to tell you
Then I have nothing to hide
Paternity test
Take me out
As long as I hold his company, there are always my clothes
Fight with me
You're still too young.
Paternity test